Organization-Generated Data.
Benefits come from combining
with other data types.
How are some organizations
benefiting from big data?
Let's look at real world examples to
see the advantages these organizations
are getting out of big data.
One of these companies is UPS.
UPS delivers 16 million shipments per day.
They get around 40 million
tracking requests.
That's huge.
An estimate of how much data UPS has
on its operations is 16 petabytes.
Can you guess how much money UPS can
save by reducing each driver's route
by just one mile?
If they can reduce distance traveled
by each truck by even one mile,
UPS can save a whopping $50 million U.S.
per year.
This is where big data steps in.
Utilizing complex optimization
over large datasets
can lead to route optimizations that were
previously not visible to the company.
Big data, together with smart processing,
enables UPS to manage thousands
of route optimizations.
Let's travel from package
delivery to the retail domain.
An organization from
the retail shopping domain
that heavily utilizes big data is Walmart.
Walmart is a big organization that gets
250 million customers in 10,000 stores.
Did you know they collect 2.5
petabytes of data per hour?
They collect data on Twitter tweets,
local events, local weather,
in-store purchases, online clicks and
many other sales, customer and
product related data.
They use this data to find patterns
such as which products are frequently
purchased together, and what is the best
new product to introduce in their stores,
to predict demand at
the particular location,
and to customize customer recommendations.
Overall, by leveraging big data and
analytics, Walmart has maintained
its position as a top retailer.
UPS and Walmart examples were just two out
of a number of companies using big data.
Big data is producing results for
companies in all sectors.
Studies forecast spending on
big data technologies to go up
drastically in the next five years.
A study by Bane and Company
suggests that early adopters of big
data analytics have gained a significant
lead over the rest of the corporate world.
For graphics referenced here,
we see that companies that use
analytics are twice as likely
to be in the top quartile of financial
performance within their industries.
Five times as likely to make decisions
much faster than market peers.
Three times as likely to
execute decisions as intended.
And twice as likely to use data very
frequently when making decisions.
This points to the growth and
demand of people and
technology centered around or
specializing in big data applications.
As a summary, organizations are gaining
significant benefit from integrating
big data practices into their culture and
breaking their silos.
Some major benefits to organizations are
operational efficiency, improved marketing
outcomes, higher profits, and
improved customer satisfaction.